SSL verification was happening before the handshake was complete (#698)
circonus-labs/libmtev: ChangeLog.md

## 1.11

>  * Fix an issues where valid SSL connections that do not handshake in one
>    non-blocking action would regsiter an spurious certificate error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Fix an issue where valid SSL connections that do not handshake in one
   non-blocking action would register a spurious certificate error.
```
